CRS Explorer - A new tool to discover clinical research sites (CRSs) around the world.
Click the About icon to find more information about CRS Explorer application.
Click the Glossary icon to find in-depth information about terms and acronyms.
Click the Explore icon to launch the CRS Explorer application.
Click on the left navigation to search for specific CRSs.
Click on any of the Pins on the map to find detailed information about an individual CRS.
Click the Pharmacy icon to view pharmacy details.
Click the Globe icon to return to the Explore view of the application.
Filter and search for CRSs by Network, Region, and Risk Factors.
Click on the Search icon to see the results in a list view.
Click on the Favorite icon to add a CRS to a list of your favorite sites.
Click on the Excel icon to export the site information to a report.
Click the Chart icon to view data visualization, changing filters will update the chart.
niaid.nih.gov